The Correspondence Department at World Headquarters is heavily involved in directing individuals
from all over the world to meetings and publications in their native tongue.
While you and I are out in the service, this is what takes place behind the scenes.
The zealous preaching work carried out by Jehovah's Witnesses touches the lives of millions.
The message and publications they share bring relief to a weary heart, reach beyond the
boundaries of language and class.
Bring hope to the hopeless.
So what do you think the future holds?
I don't know.
I'd like to think things will get better.
You know what?
They're calling me.
I have to go.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Understanding to those searching draws parents closer to their children.
Every month, thousands of pieces of correspondence are received from around the world.
Upon arrival, mail is sorted and delivered for processing.
It's exciting to receive letters in so many different languages.
Since many letters must be translated, I use various samples to identify the language.
Grace's letter, like many others, can be quite challenging to identify.
This is Ebo.
So her letter is prepared to be sent electronically to the Nigeria branch for translation.
When a translated letter is received, its purpose is brought to light.
Grace was so moved by the offer that she requested more literature.
We can forward Grace's information to the nearest Ebo-speaking publisher.
Soon, she will receive not only literature in her language, but a personal visit.
Hey, Mercy, how are you?
I'm fine.
How you doing?
Excellent.
You know, I have a follow-up form for you.
Someone that speaks Ebo.
I think they live in your neighborhood.
Hi.
I would like a Bible study.
So your first name is Alex?
I just have a follow-up form for an interested person I met in public witnessing.
Every day, elders use JW.org to send please follow-up forms to the US branch.
These forms contain information that help us fulfill the request of spiritually hungry ones.
Alex's address is matched to a database of congregations within the US branch territory.
An electronic form is then created and sent to the corresponding congregations JW.org account.
Before long, a grateful publisher will be privileged to provide Alex his Bible study.
Every month, hundreds of letters are received from inmates in correctional facilities,
like Paul, who has requested a personal copy of the Bible.
A personalized entry is made for him in our program.
This entry includes information about the facility in which he is incarcerated,
like what literature can be sent and whether they allow visitors.
Paul's request and an address label are sent electronically to the shipping department at Waukel,
where it is prepared for mailing.
In an effort to provide Paul with further assistance,
a follow-up letter is sent to the closest contact congregation so he can be visited in the near future.
My name is Louis.
Good to meet you.
My name is Paul.
Amisha is one of thousands who have used JW.org to request a Bible study in their own language.
Amisha's request is reviewed for accuracy and completeness.
We learn that she is a student at Burton University who prefers literature in Bengali.
Her address is confirmed and the corresponding congregation number is added to the form.
Then an electronic referral is sent for follow-up.
You can imagine the surprise when she is contacted by witnesses who speak her native language.
That looks beautiful.
Numerous pieces of correspondence are received for the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Included in these are many heartfelt expressions of gratitude.
These letters are organized, scanned, and sent to the corresponding committees of the governing body.
We can assure you that these expressions of appreciation bring our dear brothers great joy.
I am an adult.
I will never give up.
When you look at this book, you can see that the title of the book is the book of Jehovah's Witnesses.
You can see that the book is on the screen.
Every year, thousands of spiritually hungry ones come to know Jehovah and become his witnesses.
You are them to find yourself as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
It is truly our joy to provide timely assistance that can have a life-changing effect for so many.